Kube/OIDC (#273)
ovh/terraform-provider-ovh: website/docs/r/cloud_project_kube_oidc.html.markdown

---
layout: "ovh"
page_title: "OVH: cloud_project_kube_oidc"
sidebar_current: "docs-ovh-resource-cloud-project-kube-oidc"
description: |-

> Creates an oidc configuration in a kubernetes managed cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an OIDC configuration in an OVHcloud Managed Kubernetes cluster.
```

---

# ovh_cloud_project_kube_oidc

> Creates a oidc configuration in a OVH Managed Kubernetes Service cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Creates an OIDC configuration in an OVHcloud Managed Kubernetes cluster.
```

## Example Usage

```hcl
resource "ovh_cloud_project_kube_oidc" "my-oidc" {
  service_name = var.projectid

>   kube_id      = ovh_cloud_project_kube.k8stf.id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kube_id      = ovh_cloud_project_kube. mykube.id
```

>   kube_id      = ovh_cloud_project_kube. mykube.id

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kube_id      = ovh_cloud_project_kube.mykube.id
```

  client_id    = "xxx"
  issuer_url   = "https://ovh.com"
}
```

## Argument Reference

The following arguments are supported:

> * `service_name` - (required) The id of the public cloud project. If omitted,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `service_name` - (required) The ID of the public cloud project. If omitted,
```

  the `OVH_CLOUD_PROJECT_SERVICE` environment variable is used.

> * `kube_id` - The id of the managed kubernetes cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `kube_id` - The ID of the managed kubernetes cluster.
```
